fcrackzip: add page (#3082)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/fcrackzip.md

# fcrackzip

> > ZIP archive password cracking.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> ZIP archive password cracking utility.
```

> - Bruteforce password with length 4 to 8 with only lowercase, uppercase and digit characters (order matters):

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Brute-force a password with a length of 4 to 8 characters, and contains only alphanumeric characters (order matters):
```

> `fcrackzip -b -l 4-8 -c aA1 {{archive}}`

Reviewer: Are there any long forms of these options? In tldr pages we prefer to use the long argument forms (e.g. `--length` instead of `l`) for clarity. The same goes for the examples below too.

Author: Adapted as of your suggestion.
Please note that, in an operational context, I (and I suppose many people) will never use the long form of options. However, you are completely right, it's better for clarity.

> - Bruteforce password with length 3 with only lowercase characters, $ and % (verbose mode):

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Brute-force a password in verbose mode with a length of 3 characters that only contains lowercase characters, `$` and `%`:
```

`fcrackzip -v -b -l 3 -c a:$% {{archive}}`

> - Bruteforce password with length 4 with only lowercase and special characters:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Brute-force a password that contains only lowercase and special characters:
```

`fcrackzip -b -l 4 -c a! {{archive}}`

> - Bruteforce password with length 5 with only digits starting from password "12345":

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Brute-force a password containing only digits, starting from the password `12345`:
```

What do you mean by `starting from` here though?

`fcrackzip -b -l 5 -c 1 -p 12345 {{archive}}`

> - Crack password using a wordlist (verbose mode):

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Crack a password using a wordlist:
```
